### results.xlsx

Here are nine tables named "XXX_A". XXX takes "number", "matching" and "violation", representing the number of test cases, the pairs of test cases matching the metamorphic relations and the pairs of test cases violating the metamorphic relations respectively. A takes 2, 3 and 4, representing 2, 3 and 4 dimensions respectively.  For each table, we counted 30 sets of experimental data  for approaches COMER, CT and tri-MCT.

For example, in table "number_2", the first line represents the number of test cases generated in Schedule for COMER scenarios, from (1, C) to (1, AF) for 30 sets of experiments.

### time_abstract.xlsx(In milliseconds)

There are three tables that store the time of 30 groups of abstract test cases generated by CT, COMER, and TRI_MCT methods in dimension 2, 3, and 4 respectively  

For example, in Table "2", the first line shows that Schedule took 3558 ms, 68256 ms, and 103867 ms to generate 30 sets of abstract test cases under CT, COMER, and TRI_MCT methods, respectively. 

### time_concrete.xlsx(In milliseconds)

There are three tables that store the time of 30 groups of concrete test cases generated by CT, COMER, TRI_MCT and Random methods in dimension 2, 3, and 4 respectively  

For example, in Table "2", the first line shows that Schedule took 674.5655536651611 ms, 745.26047706604 ms, 1171.3547706604004 ms, and 488.56139183044434 ms to generate 30 sets of concrete test cases under CT, COMER,TRI_MCT, and Random methods, respectively. 

### featuresOfMR.xlsx

The first table, called parameter, records the three main features of MRs. Take Schedule as an example, there are two MRs. The Source Generate value of the first MR is 1/36, the Follow Generate value of the first MR is 1/36, and the Output Match value of the first MR is 5. The meanings of the three feature values are explained below：

- Source Generate：Given one MR, the percentage of the test cases that can be treated as source test cases among all the possible test cases.

- Follow Generate：Given one MR, the percentage of the test cases that can be treated as follow-up test cases among all the possible test cases.

- Output Match：Given one MR, the degree of the difficulty that its output rule can be satisfied. In this study, the degrees of the difficulty are classified into 5 main levels (from easy to difficult)：

  1) The “unequal” relation between two outputs with single values .

  2) The “equal” relation between two outputs with single limited values, e.g., enumerated type.

  3) The “equal” relation between two outputs with a set of limited values.

  4) The “equal” relation between two outputs with single unlimited values (e.g., float number) .

  5) The “equal” relation between two outputs with a set of unlimited values.

Other tables named "matching_A" and "violation_A" have similar meanings to result.xlsx (A takes 2, 3 and 4, representing 2, 3 and 4 dimensions respectively) , except that the statistics here distinguish between the different MRs. For example, in table "matching_2", the first row counts the number of pairs of test cases matching the Schedule's first MR, and the second row counts the number of pairs of test cases matching the Schedule's second MR.

### ComerVSOptimal.xlsx

The table stores the average number of faults detected by COMER and Optimal methods and the corresponding standard deviations  in dimension 2, 3, and 4.

For example, the second line indicates that Printtokens2 has 10 faults, and the position (2, C) indicates that COMER detects an average of 2.1 faults in dimension 2, and the corresponding standard deviation is 1.0115993936995678.